Add support for extracting SIP from headers (#8573)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8573.bugfix.rst

> Add support for SIP distortion in Map WCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where SIP distortion information in a Map WCS was ignored.
```
